# ðŸ›’ WebShop

## ðŸš€ Setup

(how I actually set it up at `coffee`)

Everything is done **not inside a docker contaienr** but directly in the `coffee` host. This is because 1) it is using `conda`, and 2) it is easier to expose a port so that `tea` can access it via `coffee.cs.columbia.edu`.

**If you somehow lost everything**, here is how I setup everything:
1. first, donwload the repo
```sh
> git clone https://github.com/princeton-nlp/webshop.git webshop
```
2. Create a virtual environment using [Anaconda](https://anaconda.org/anaconda/python) and activate it
```sh
> conda create -n webshop python=3.8.13
> conda activate webshop
```
3. Install requirements into the `webshop` virtual environment via the `setup.sh` script
```sh
> ./setup.sh -d all
```
note that this will **fail** at the `gdown` commands. This is because it will download cookies into `.cache/gdown`, but `.cache` does NOT exist in the `coffee` host. So, we need to manually do it in `communication` which has `.cache`. Then, the rest of the setup will work properly under `coffee`.
The setup script performs several actions in the following order:
* Installs Python dependencies listed in `requirements.txt`
* Downloads product and instruction data for populating WebShop
* Downloads `spaCy en_core_web_lg` model
* Construct search engine index from product, instruction data
* Downloads 50 randomly chosen trajectories generated by MTurk workers
The `-d` flag argument allows you to specify whether you would like to pull the entire product + instruction data set (`-d all`) or a subset of 1000 random products (`-d small`).

4. By default the WebShop only loads 1,000 products for a faster environment preview. To load all products, change `web_agent_site/utils.py`:
```python
# DEFAULT_ATTR_PATH = join(BASE_DIR, '../data/items_ins_v2_1000.json')
# DEFAULT_FILE_PATH = join(BASE_DIR, '../data/items_shuffle_1000.json')
DEFAULT_ATTR_PATH = join(BASE_DIR, '../data/items_ins_v2.json')
DEFAULT_FILE_PATH = join(BASE_DIR, '../data/items_shuffle.json')
```

5. (Optional) Download ResNet image feature files [here](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1jglJDqNV2ryrlZzrS0yOEk-aRAcLAhNw?usp=sharing) and put into `data/` for running models that require image features.

6. (Optional) Human demonstration data and be downloaded [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1GWC8UlUzfT9PRTRxgYOwuKSJp4hyV1dp/view?usp=sharing).


**If you just want to restart the service**, inside the `coffee` host (not in any container):
1. cd into this project and do:
    ```bash
    > conda activate webshop
    ```
2. then run the website:
    ```bash
    > ./run_dev.sh
    ```


## ðŸ› ï¸ Usage
The WebShop environment can be rendered in two modes - `html` and `simple` - each of which offer a different observation space. The `simple` mode strips away the extraneous meta-data that the `html` mode includes to make model training and evaluation easier.
### Webpage Environment (`html` mode)
Launch the `WebShop` webpage:
```sh
> ./run_dev.sh
```
The site should then be viewable in the browser. Go to http://localhost:3000/ABC, where you should land on the search home page with a random instruction.

Navigating the website will automatically generate a corresponding trajectory file in the `user_session_logs/mturk` folder. Each file corresponds to a single instruction/web session, and each step of the file corresponds to a single action (i.e. `search[...]`, `click[...]`).

The current WebShop build comes with two flags:
* `--log`: Include this flag to create a trajectory `.jsonl` log file of actions on WebShop
* `--attrs`: Include this flag to display an `Attributes` tab on the `item_page` of WebShop

### Text Environment (`simple` mode)
The `simple` mode of the WebShop environment is packaged and readily available as an OpenAI environment. The OpenAI gym definitions of the text environment can be found in the `web_agent_site/envs` folder.

To start using the gym and building agents that interact with the WebShop environment, include the following statements in your Python file:
```python
import gym
from web_agent_site.envs import WebAgentTextEnv

env = gym.make('WebAgentTextEnv-v0', observation_mode='text', num_products=...)
```
Now, you can write your own agent that interacts with the environment via the standard OpenAI gym [interface](https://www.gymlibrary.ml/content/api/).

Examples of a `RandomPolicy` agent interacting with the WebShop environment in both `html` and `simple` mode can be found in the `run_envs` folder. To run these examples locally, run the `run_web_agent_text_env.sh` or `run_web_agent_site_env.sh` script:
```sh
> ./run_web_agent_text_env.sh
Products loaded.
Keys Cleaned.
Attributes Loaded.
100%|â–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆ| 1000/1000
Loaded 6910 goals.
Amazon Shopping Game [SEP] Instruction: [SEP] Find me slim f...
Available actions: {'has_search_bar': True, 'clickables': ['search']}
Taking action "search[shoes]" -> Reward = 0.0
...
```
In order to run the `run_web_agent_site_env.sh` script, you must download a version of [ChromeDriver](https://chromedriver.chromium.org/downloads) compatible with your Chrome browser version. Once you have downloaded and unzipped the executable, rename it `chromedriver` and place it in the `webshop/envs` folder.

### Baseline Models
To run baseline models (rule, IL, RL, IL+RL) from the paper, please refer to the `README.md` in the [baseline_models](https://github.com/princeton-nlp/webshop/tree/master/baseline_models) folder.

### Sim-to-real Transfer
To read more about how the sim-to-real transfer of agents trained on WebShop to other environments works, please refer to the `README.md` in the [transfer](https://github.com/princeton-nlp/webshop/tree/master/transfer) folder.

## ðŸ’« Contributions
We would love to hear from the broader NLP and Machine Learning community, and we welcome any contributions, pull requests, or issues! To do so, please either file a new pull request or issue and fill in the corresponding templates accordingly. We'll be sure to follow up shortly!

## ðŸªª License
Check `LICENSE.md`
